Vagabond 
Striving for enlightenment by way of the sword, Miyamoto Mussahi is prepared to cut down anyone who stands in his way. Vagabond is an action-packed portrayalof the life and times of the quintessential warrior-philosopher-one of the most celebrated samurai of all time !Vagabond portrays a fictionalized account of Miyamoto Musashi’s life, on a loose adaptation of Eiji Yoshikawa’s novel “Musashi“. Vagabond won the Grand Prize for manga at the 2000 Japan Media Arts Festival. The same year, Vagabond won the 24th Kodansha Manga Award in the general category. Vagabond also received the highly-acclaimed Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2002.
Genre - Action , Adventure , Historical , Martial Arts , Drama , Seinen , Mature
Writer - Inoue Takehiko

Breaker 
STYLISH ACTION FROM THE AUTHOR OF ARCHLORD! The new English teacher, Chun-Woo, is not your ordinary teacher. Shioon, a victim of constant bullying, unexpectedly witnesses Chun-Woo's fighting power, and begs him to make him his disciple. Chun-Woo claims he can teach Shioon only if he is truly determined, and Shioon must jump off a bridge into a deep river in order to prove it! It turns out, however, that Chun-Woo and his powers are more than meets the eye. Shioon makes a grand entrance into the hidden world of martial arts, and he is about to be taught by the best there is!
Genre - Action , Comedy , Drama , Martial Arts , Romance , School life , Seinen , Supernatural , Manhwa
Writer - Geuk-Jin Jeon , Jin-Hwan Park

Solo leveling
10 years ago, after “the Gate” that connected the real world with the monster world opened, some of the ordinary, everyday people received the power to hunt monsters within the Gate. They are known as "Hunters". However, not all Hunters are powerful. My name is Sung Jin-Woo, an E-rank Hunter. I'm someone who has to risk his life in the lowliest of dungeons, the "World's Weakest". Having no skills whatsoever to display, I barely earned the required money by fighting in low-leveled dungeons… at least until I found a hidden dungeon with the hardest difficulty within the D-rank dungeons! In the end, as I was accepting death, I suddenly received a strange power, a quest log that only I could see, a secret to leveling up that only I know about! If I trained in accordance with my quests and hunted monsters, my level would rise. Changing from the weakest Hunter to the strongest S-rank Hunter!
Genre - Action , Adventure , Fantasy , Shounen
Writer - Sung-Lak Jang

Record of Ragnarok
The story begins when the gods call a convention to decide the whether to let humanity live or die, and settle on destroying humanity. But a lone valkyrie puts forward a suggestion to let the gods and humanity fight one last battle, as a last hope for humanity's continued survival. 13 gods will fight against 13 human champions in one-on-one battles to decide whether humanity lives or dies.
Genre - Action , Drama , Fantasy , Historical , Martial Arts , Seinen , Supernatural
Writer - Takumi Fukui , Shinya Umemura

One Punch Man 
Follows the life of an average hero who manages to win all battles with only one punch. This ability seems to frustrate him as he no longer feels the thrill and adrenaline of fighting a tough battle, which leads to him questioning his past desire of being strong.After all what’s so good about having an overwhelming power?
Genre - Action , Comedy , Fantasy , Supernatural , Seinen , Sci-Fi
Writer - (ONE) Yusuke Murata

Demon Slayer 
Tanjiro is the eldest son in a family that has lost its father. Tanjiro visits another town one day to sell charcoal but ends up staying the night at someone else’s house instead of going home because of a rumor about a demon that stalks a nearby mountain at night. When he goes home the next day, tragedy is waiting for him.
Genre - Action , Adventure , Fantasy , Shounen , Historical , Supernatural
Writer - Koyoharu Gotouge

Jujutsu kaisen
Yuuji is a genius at track and field. But he has zero interest running around in circles, he’s happy as a clam in the Occult Research Club. Although he’s only in the club for kicks, things get serious when a real spirit shows up at school! Life’s about to get really strange in Sugisawa Town #3 High School!
Genre - Action , Fantasy , Supernatural , Shounen , School life
Writer - Gege Akutami

Chainsaw man 
Broke young man + chainsaw dog demon = Chainsaw Man! The name says it all! Denji’s life of poverty is changed forever when he merges with his pet chainsaw dog, Pochita! Now he’s living in the big city and an official Devil Hunter. But he’s got a lot to learn about his new job and chainsaw powers!
Genre - Action , Horror , Drama , Shounen , Mature
Writer - Tatsuki Fujimoto

My hero academia
The story is set in the modern day, except people with special powers have become commonplace throughout the world. A boy named Izuku Midoriya has no powers, but he still dreams. Note: Nominated for the 8th Manga Taisho Award.
Genre - Action , Comedy , Fantasy , Drama , Shounen , School life , Sci-Fi
Writer - Kohei Horikoshi

Berserk 
Guts, known as the Black Swordsman, seeks sanctuary from the demonic forces attracted to him and his woman because of a demonic mark on their necks, and also vengeance against the man who branded him as an unholy sacrifice. Aided only by his titanic strength gained from a harsh childhood lived with mercenaries, a gigantic sword, and an iron prosthetic left hand, Guts must struggle against his bleak destiny, all the while fighting with a rage that might strip him of his humanity.
Genre - Thriller , Award Winning , Reincarnation , Monsters , Pyschological , Romance , Survival , Adventure , Post-Apocalyptic , Gore , Tragedy , Seinen , Sexual Voilence
Writer - Kentaro Miura , Kouji Mori
